Tianmen Sect Master Yanping County King Police Prison
Welcome the return of the minister
Get up.
Lord, these people have no respect for how to deal with things
I have watched it for so many years
You have been protecting me in secret
How is the situation in Peerless City?
The five flags and four gates of Peerless City fell apart
Recently, the sect master of the three doors of Sun and Moon suddenly disappeared again
The subordinates are also investigating
There must be a prayer
When I regained my memory
Don't reveal anything to outsiders
You've got to play it safe lately.
Understand
I'd like to see who's behind this
Those who offend me will be ashamed